chore: create `TokenCreator` role with permissions to VIEW / CREATE / REVOKE own access tokens (#10064)
determined-ai/determined: docs/manage/security/rbac.rst

   where ``ROLE_ID`` is the integer role identifier, as listed in ``det rbac list-roles``. To
   disable the assignment of any roles to the newly created workspace, set ``enabled: false``.

``TokenCreator``
================

> The ``TokenCreator`` grants the permissions to create, view, and revoke the user's own access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``TokenCreator`` grants users the ability to create, view, and revoke their own access
```
